add fusion index doc description (#1433)
BlueBrain/nexus: docs/src/main/paradox/docs/fusion/index.md

@@@

# Nexus Fusion

> Nexus Fusion is the web interface of Blue Brain Nexus, powered by @ref:[Nexus Delta](../delta/index.md). It offers prebuild data visualization, querying, data manipulation, and administraton capabilities to help integrate, edit and visualize data and resources inside Nexus Delta projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nexus Fusion is the web interface of Blue Brain Nexus, powered by @ref:[Nexus Delta](../delta/index.md). It offers prebuilt data visualization, querying, data manipulation, and administration capabilities to help integrate, edit and visualize data and resources inside Nexus Delta projects.
```

## Extensibility

> Nexus Fusion aims to be an extensible web application that can serve generic needs of data visualization, governance and administration, while simultaneously serving domain specific needs of users. In order to facilitate this, we are adapting a plugin model where developers can adapt Nexus Fusion for their user's situation. This began in previous releases by introducing Plugins, and we will continue developing this direction with Subapps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nexus Fusion aims to be an extensible web application that can serve generic needs of data visualization, governance and administration, while simultaneously serving domain specific needs of users. In order to facilitate this, we are adapting a plugin model where developers can adapt Nexus Fusion for their user's situation. This began in previous releases by introducing Plugins, and we will continue developing this direction with SubApps.
```
